First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits, or they will eventually conquer you. The rich substance of the Universe is yours to do with as you wish. Why settle for so little in life when you can have so much, just be daring to be different in your thinking. How was Einstein able to conceive the Theory of Relativity? He said the one crucial thing that helped him was his ability to visualise: what would it be like to be riding on the end of a light beam? If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. In times of stress, be bold and valiant. Men who try to do something and fail are infinitely better off than those who try to do nothing and succeed.

Nothing is so exhausting as indecision, and nothing is so futile. This Saturday, do something you have wanted to do for years. Something just for yourself. And repeat this process once every month. The grass is not, in fact, always greener on the other side of the fence. No, not at all. Fences have nothing to do with it. The grass is greenest where it is watered. When crossing over fences, carry water with you and tend the grass wherever you may be. Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity. Successful people act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results. The wisest men follow their own direction. People are not remembered by how few times they fail but by how often they succeed. Every wrong step is another step forward.

A man may fall many times but he will not be a failure until he says someone pushed him. Self-image sets the boundaries of individual accomplishment. Nothing determines who we will become so much as those things we choose to ignore. You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it true. You may have to work for it, however. Your self-beliefs either support or undermine you. People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I do not believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and, if they cannot find them, make them. Nothing is so exhausting as indecision, and nothing is so futile.